so team stt you already know man this
was one of the hardest summers I've ever
had to encounter right so many summer
classes I was busy almost every day it
was so so hard for me to upload videos
for you guys on a consistent basis and
of course longer videos too and a lot of
the videos I've been uploading a kind of
short so great news great news I'm
finally done finally done unless summer
classes for the summer I got like one or
two more assignments left but you know
I'm not even counting those I'll do them
they're really not gonna stop what I'm
gonna tell you guys right now you're
finally free you don't understand how
long I've been waiting to say that I was
just waiting and counting the days doing
the work just to finish and I finally
finish it now we can finally upload so
this is a very important video for you
guys so I'm not just gonna tell you guys
how free i am we're gonna be proposing
ideas we're gonna be talking because
after this video August is gonna be our
month I'm this is gonna be a month but
before we talk about that i'm just gonna
make the most out of this month man cuz
my school starts August twenty-fourth or
something like that so I got like three
weeks to go and I'm gonna go hard on
these three weeks man when school starts
to tell him don't worry but like I'm
gonna have classes on Saturdays too so
six days a week it's gonna suck but who
cares man you think you think just cuz
schools going on and I'm taking all
these dumb classes that I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna make NBA 2k15 videos
another no we're making 2k15 we make an
original game of the book bro that ain't
gonna stop man that ain't gonna stop but
real talk we have three weeks of full
time and in order for me to prepare for
my school that's gonna be starting three
weeks with all the classes that I
wouldn't be taking I'm gonna you know
make it work ethic right I'm gonna try
waking up early I'm gonna try treating
try treating this as if I were eating
school so once school starts I'll be the
same flow samos all that good stuff but
this is this what I want to talk to you
guys first of all first of all thank you
for the support thank you for the
support for sticking with me through
this summer and you know not the super
uploads that I wanted to do but now it's
finally time to do this right so this is
what i'm asking you yes
me too what do you guys want to see is
now we got time we finally got free time
on our hands and I'm so excited that we
finally got three times so expect my
team expect my team to come back expect
the challenges expect the face cams oh
man the tournament's going down expect
my career that ain't gonna stop expect
news WBU NBA 2k you know that's going
out and being news and rumors UFC is
finally coming back finally coming back
you guys have been asking for it I
always been so long finally coming back
of course with the face cam BAM number
seven stuff fancy I promised you that's
coming back promise you that's coming
back IRL game plan really gonna try my
best to get there for you guys it's been
a while I haven't played basketball two
weeks sir probably the longest it's been
I feel long as it's been all summer two
weeks man that's a long lot lot for me
and three whatever whatever this you
guys want to see man you guys gotta let
me know what you guys wants 03 twitch
come on twitch is going down we have
gonna be going hard on twitch bro I got
a green screen what the heck I got a
green screen yo yes we are going to be
doing work on Twitch just wait just wait
every time I stream I'm going to be
streaming for a good time i'll upload a
short you know minute video let you guys
know I'm on you guys show the support we
play 2k we have fun we could do anything
else you guys want to emoticons
subscriber you know benefits will be
worked on very very soon got a lot of
free time on my hands if you guys want t
shirts let me know in the comments down
below I can definitely work on these
trips this is gonna be August right it's
better late than never right August is
we gonna be doing work August and August
is just gonna transition into September
because once i get a work ethic then
we're good for September we're good for
October we're good for november and then
the subprime offices of awful December
so December's going to be crazy they do
team STG I'm so happy for the support I
just had I had to express this out bro I
had to tell you guys and I want you guys
and tell me what you guys want to see
cuz this month is the month of team stt
all that right cool bro